Add examples of special/unicode character handling for custom analyzers (#9297)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _analyzers/custom-analyzer.md

}
```

## Handling special characters in regex patterns

> When using custom regex patterns in your analyzer, ensure that special or non-English characters are handled correctly. By default, Java's regex considers only `[A-Za-z0-9_]` as word characters (`\w`). This can cause unexpected behavior when using `\w` or `\b`, which match the boundary between a word and a non-word character.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using custom regex patterns in your analyzer, ensure that special or non-English characters are handled correctly. By default, Java's regex considers only `[A-Za-z0-9_]` to be word characters (`\w`). This can cause unexpected behavior when using `\w` or `\b`, which match the boundary between a word and a non-word character.  
```

For example, the following analyzer attempts to use the pattern `(\b\p{L}+\b)` to match one or more letter characters from any language (`\p{L}`) surrounded by word boundaries:  

```json
PUT /buggy_custom_analyzer
{
  "settings": {
    "analysis": {
      "filter": {
        "capture_words": {
          "type": "pattern_capture",
          "patterns": [
            "(\\b\\p{L}+\\b)"
          ]
        }
      },
      "analyzer": {
        "filter_only_analyzer": {
          "type": "custom",
          "tokenizer": "keyword",
          "filter": [
            "capture_words"
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```  

> However, this analyzer incorrectly tokenizes `él-empezó-a-reír` as `l`, `empez`, `a`, `reír` because `\b` does not match the boundary between accented characters and the start or end of a string.   

Reviewer: Should "and" precede `reir`?
